Privacy Policy
Bewakoof Brands Private Limited ("we/us/our") respect the privacy of our customers and users of our website ("you"). Our practices and procedures in relation to the collection and use of your data/ information have been set out below in this privacy policy. This privacy policy will familiarize you with the manner in which we may collect, use, share, transfer and disclose your data/ information.

We collect only the information necessary for our business purposes such as to provide you with services, complete your order, to contact you regarding the status of your order or in relation to relevant marketing or other ancillary services provided by us or deemed relevant by us in relation to the services.

For the purpose of this privacy policy, sensitive personal data or information of a person ("SPDI") is as defined under the Information Technology Act 2000 ("IT Act") and the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Information) Rules 2011 ("SPDI Rules"). Please note that usage of the term Personal Information in this Privacy Policy includes Sensitive Personal Data or Information, wherever appropriate and/or mandated under the IT Act and the SPDI Rules.

We do not store your credit card information.
We will not rent or sell your name or personal information.
We utilize "cookies" to help recognize you as a repeat visitor and to track traffic patterns on our site. This information is completely anonymous. We use this information only to improve the user-friendliness and functionality of our website.

COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We collect personal information from you when you provide it to us. For example, if you purchase a product from us or register yourself in our website, we may collect your name, gender, mailing address, telephone number and email address. If you sign up to receive a newsletter, we will collect your email address. If you take advantage of special services offered by us, we may collect other personal information about you. We use your personal information for internal purposes such as processing,keeping you informed of your order and in relation to providing services and ancillary services. We reserve the right to collect general demographic and other anonymous information that does not personally identify you. This information is not associated with your personally identifiable information and cannot be linked to you personally. The information we collect also includes your shipping address, and billing address.

You represent that the personal information you provide from time to time is correct and updated and you have all the rights, permissions and consents to provide the same.

USE AND PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

The personal information collected by us may be used for a number of purposes connected with our business operations which may include the following:

i. to deal with requests, enquiries and complaints, customer services and related activities;
ii. to respond to your queries and fulfil your requests for information regarding our products and services;
iii. to customize our offerings for you;
iv. to analyse user trends and help improve our offerings;
v. to notify you about our new products or services and for sending you important information regarding our products or services;
vi. for legitimate business purposes;
vii. to respond to judicial process and for providing information to law enforcement agencies or as permitted by law; and
viii. for any other purpose in connection with the business operations

DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

Under no circumstances do we rent, trade or share your personal information that we have collected with any other company for their marketing purposes without your consent. We may use your personal information for our own marketing purposes. We reserve the right to communicate your personal information to any third party that makes a legally compliant request for its disclosure. Otherwise, we will not disclose your name, address and other information which identifies you personally to any third party without your consent. However, in case of a situation wherein we are obliged to comply with law or a statutory obligation or a legal process, we would be compelled to provide information about a customer. We may also disclose or transfer your personal information to another third party as a part of reorganization or a sale of the assets or our business to such third party. Such third party will have the right to continue to use the personal information you provide to us. We may also share your personal information with our group companies, affiliates and third parties for the purposes set out under this privacy policy.
Why are COOKIES important: We use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags and clear gifs to store certain types of information each time you visit any page on our website. Cookies enable this website to recognize the information you have consented to give to this website and help us determine what portions of this website are most appropriate for your professional needs. We may also use cookies to serve advertising banners to you. These banners may be served by us or by a third party on our behalf. These cookies will not contain any personal information.
OPT-OUT of setting website cookie on users’ browsers: Whether you want your web browser to accept cookies or not is up to you. If you have not changed your computer's settings, most likely your browser already accepts cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience all features of the website. You can also delete your browser cookies or disable them entirely. But this may significantly impact your experience with our website and may make parts of our website non- functional or inaccessible. We recommend that you leave them turned on.
OPT-OUT of setting website cookie on users’ browsers: Whether you want your web browser to accept cookies or not is up to you. If you have not changed your computer's settings, most likely your browser already accepts cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience all features of the website. You can also delete your browser cookies or disable them entirely. But this may significantly impact your experience with our website and may make parts of our website non- functional or inaccessible. We recommend that you leave them turned on.

INFORMATION PROVIDER’S RIGHTS

You have the right to withdraw your consent for SPDI provided at any time by sending an e-mail to us at care@bewakoof.com, in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy. However, please note that withdrawal of consent will not be retrospective in nature and shall be applicable prospectively. In case you do not provide your information or consent for usage of SPDI or subsequently withdraw your consent for usage of the SPDI so collected, we reserve the right to discontinue the services for which the said SPDI was sought.

You may write to us at care@bewakoof.com to access, review, modify or correct your SPDI or withdraw your consent to provide SPDI. However, we are not responsible for the authenticity of the SPDI provided by you.

You agree and acknowledge that certain data or information may not be corrected or is prohibited to be modified as required under any applicable law, law enforcement requests or under any judicial proceedings. In respect to such data or information, the aforementioned rights will not be available.

Security Practices and Procedures

We use reasonable security measures, to safeguard and protect your SPDI. We may enter into agreements with third parties (in or outside of India) to store your information or data. These third parties may have their own security standards to safeguard your information or data and we will, on a commercial reasonable basis, require such third parties to adopt reasonable security standards to safeguard your information or data. Notwithstanding anything contained in this privacy policy or elsewhere, we shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of your data or information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event. A "Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event that is beyond our reasonable control and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorized access to computer data and storage device, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption, etc.

Personal Data Deletion Requests

Users may request the deletion of their personal data by contacting Bewakoof Customer Support via email at care@bewakoof.com or through the Contact Us section on our website. To process such requests, users must provide sufficient information to verify their identity and account ownership—such as registered email, phone number, or order details. In some cases, identity verification documents may be requested where appropriate. Upon successful verification, personal data will be deleted from active systems within a reasonable timeframe.
Please note that certain information may be retained where required for compliance, fraud prevention, dispute resolution, or other legitimate business purposes. Deletion requests do not apply to anonymized or non-identifiable data. By submitting a deletion request, users acknowledge that certain services may no longer be available post-deletion, and Bewakoof shall not be held liable for any resulting limitations or loss of access.

Grievance Redressal

Any discrepancies and grievances with respect to processing of SPDI shall be informed to the designated Grievance Officer under the IT Act as mentioned below:
Name: Labeesh Lakshmanan
Email: care@bewakoof.com

DOWNLOAD THE APP
100% secure payments | Free return and exchange
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Contact Us
Track Order
Return Order
Cancel Order
COMPANY
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
We are Hiring
CONNECT WITH US
4.7M People like this
1M People like this
KEEP UP TO DATE
SUBSCRIBE
15 Days Return Policy*
Cash On Delivery*
DOWNLOAD THE APP
100% SECURE PAYMENT
Men's Clothing
Top Wear
Men's New Arrivals
Men's T-Shirts
Men's Hoodies & Sweatshirts
Oversized T-Shirts for Men
Men's Long Sleeve T-shirts
Men's White T-shirts
Men's Crew Neck T-shirts
Men's Half Sleeve T-Shirts
Men's Printed T-shirts
Men's Plain T-shirts
Men's Plus Size T-shirts
Men's Vests
Men's Polo T-Shirts
Men's Plus Size Shirts
Men's Sweaters
Men's Jackets
Men's Combo T-Shirts
Men's Shirts
Men's Nightwear
Men's Innerwear
Men's Black Shirts
Bottom Wear
Men's Pajamas
Men's Boxer Shorts
Men's Shorts
Men's Jogger
Men's Cargo Joggers
Men's Old Money Outfits
Men's Track Pants
Men's Jeans
Men's Sweatpants
Men's Trousers & Pants
Featured
Men's Flip Flops
Men's Sliders
Marvel T-Shirts
Disney T-Shirts
Avengers T-Shirts
Star Wars T-Shirts
Batman T-Shirts
Superman T-Shirts
Joker T-Shirts
Women's Clothing
Women's Top Wear
Women's New Arrivals
Women's T-Shirts
Women's Fashion Tops
Women's Loose T-shirts
Women's Tank Tops
Women's Hoodies & Sweatshirts
Women's Dresses
Women's 3/4 Sleeve T-Shirts
Women's Kurtis
Women's Combo T-Shirts
Women's Nightwear
Women's Plus Size Store
Women's Bottom Wear
Women's Co-ord Sets
Women's Pajamas
Women's Boxer Shorts
Women's Jeans
Women's Wide Leg Jeans
Women's Jeggings
Women's Joggers
Women's Trousers & Pants
Women's Cargo Pants
Women's Track Pants
Women's Shorts
BAGS
Laptop Bags
Small Backpacks
Featured
Women's Slides
Women's Flip Flops
Mobile Covers
Apple
Realme
Samsung
Xiaomi
Oneplus
Vivo
Oppo
Poco
Anime Mobile Covers
FANBOOK
OFFERS
SITEMAP