Privacy Policy
Introduction
IRCTC is committed to its esteemed user’s privacy and security and to take steps designed to secure personal and financial information and to make all reasonable endeavors to keep the detail secure and private. As a general rule, this website/mobile application does not collect Personal Information about you when you visit the site. You can generally visit the site without revealing your Personal Information, unless you choose to provide such information.
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited (IRCTC) is committed to maintain the trust and confidence of visitors to the website (www.irctc.co.in) and its Mobile Applications. Users may access or/and download the information or material outlined on www.irctc.co.in and its Mobile Applications only for personal and non-commercial use. The unauthorized use/ illegal use of the website/ mobile application is strictly prohibited.
IRCTC’s eTicketing platform may use social media networks such as Facebook, Twitter etc. to share our information/videos for better convenience of the commuters and general public at large. IRCTC do not claim any responsibility nor shall any claim stand against IRCTC if any error/ inconvenience occurs while browsing it or any objection put on it by these site hosting organization/agencies at any time.
Site Visit Data:
This website/ mobile application records your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes such as, your IP address, type of browser you use, type of operating system, date and time you access the site, webpages you have accessed, dates downloaded etc. This information may be used to track aggregate traffic patterns.
IRCTC eTicketing website and mobile applications does not automatically capture the specific personal information from you, (like name, phone number or email address), that allows us to identify the end user individually.
Cookies:
This site uses cookies to give you a personalized experience on the website and ensure that it is functioning effectively. In order to identify your interest in our products, and to track the effectiveness of advertising served by us, such cookies are used. This website does not collect any personal information during this process.
Browser controls:
Majority of the browsers will allow you to see what cookies you have, and delete them on an individual basis or block cookiesfrom any particular or all websites. Basically, cookies allow ease of access, by logging you in without having to type your login name each time (only your password is needed). We may also use such cookies to display any advertisement(s) to you while you are on the Website orto send you offers (or similar emails – provided you have not opted out of receiving such emails) focusing on products which may be of your interest.
You should be aware that if the cookies are deleted, any preference you have set will be lost which includes your preference to opt-out from cookies, as this itself requires an opt- out cookie to have been set. Also, this may also lead to unavailability of some services.
Automatic Logging of Session Data:
Each time you access IRCTC eTicketing website / mobile applications, your session data gets logged. Session data may consist of various aspects like the IP address, operating system and type of browser software being used and the activities done by the User on the Website / Mobile application. We collect session data as it helps us analyse User’s choices, browsing pattern including the frequency of visits and duration for which a User is logged on. It also helps us diagnose problems with our servers and lets us better administer our systems. The aforesaid information cannot identify any User personally. However,it may be possible to determine a User's Internet Service Provider (ISP), and the approximate geographic location of User's point of connectivity through the above session data.
Links to External Websites/Portals:
At many places in this IRCTC eTicketing website / mobile applications, you may find links to other websites/portals. These links have been placed for your information and convenience. When a userselects a link to an external portal, the user leaves the IRCTC eTicketing website / mobile application andissubject to the privacy and security policies of the owners/sponsors of the external portal/website. IRCTCis not responsible for the contents and reliability of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorsethe views expressed in them. Mere presence of the link or its listing on this website / mobile application should not be assumed as endorsement of any kind. IRCTC does not guarantee that linked websites comply with Indian Laws. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and we have no control over availability of linked pages.
Type of information collected:
Registration on the Website / Mobile Applications:
Information which you provide while subscribing to or registering on the Website / mobile application, including but not limited to the information about your personal identity such as name, gender, marital status, age or Date of birth, Nationality etc., your contact details such as your email address, complete postal addresses, contact number etc.
Other information:
We may also collect some other information including but not limited to:
Transactional history (other than banking details) about your e-commerce activities, buying behaviour.
Data either created by you or by a third party and which you wish to store on our servers such as image files, documents etc.
Information pertaining to any other traveller(s) for who you make a booking through your registered IRCTC account. In such case, you must confirm and represent that each of the other traveller(s) for whom a booking has been made, has agreed to have the information shared by you disclosed to us and further be shared by us with the concerned service provider(s).
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We may also use your Personal Information for several reasons including but not limited to:
confirm your reservations with respective service providers;
keep you informed of the transaction status;
send booking confirmations either via SMS or WhatsApp or any other messaging service;
send any updates or changes to your booking(s);
allow our customer service to contact you, if necessary;
customize the content of our website, mobile site and mobile app;
request for reviews of products or services or any other improvements;
send verification message(s) or email(s);
validate/authenticate your account and to prevent any misuse or abuse.
Surveys:
We value opinions and commentsfrom our Users and frequently conductsurveys, both online and offline. Participation in these surveys is entirely optional. Typically, the information received is aggregated, and used to make improvements to Website / mobile applications, services and to develop appealing content, features and promotions for members based on the results of the surveys. Identity of the survey participants is anonymous unless otherwise stated in the survey.
Marketing Promotions, Research and Programs:
Marketing promotions, research and programs help us to identify your preferences, develop programs and improve user experience. Personal Information collected by us for such activities may include contact information and survey questions. We use such Personal Information for survey information to develop promotions and product improvements. As a registered User, you will also occasionally receive updates from us about discounts in a product, special offers, new IRCTC services, other noteworthy items (like savings and benefits on airfares, hotel reservations, holiday packages, and other travel services) and marketing programs.
In addition, you may look forward to receiving periodic marketing emails, newsletters and exclusive promotions offering special deals.
From time to time we may add or enhance services available on the Website / Mobile Applications. To the extent these services are provided, and used by you, we will use the Personal Information you provide to facilitate the service(s) requested. For example, if you email us with a question, we will use your email address, name, nature of the question, etc. to respond to your question. We may also store such Personal Information to assist usin making the website / mobile Applications better and easier to use for our users.
Duration of keeping the Personal Information:
IRCTC will retain your Personal Information on its servers for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes listed in this policy. In some circumstances we may retain your Personal Information for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with any legal, regulatory, tax or accounting requirements.
WITH WHOM YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS SHARED:
To our suppliers and Service Providers:
Your information shall be shared with the end service providers like Railways or any other suppliers who are responsible for fulfilling your booking. You may note that while making a booking with IRCTC you authorize us to share your information with the said service providers and suppliers. It is noted that IRCTC does not authorize the end service provider to use your information for any other purpose(s) except as may be for fulfilling their part of service. However, how the said service providers/suppliers use the information shared with them is beyond the purview and control of IRCTC as they process Personal Information as independent data controllers, and hence IRCTC cannot be made accountable for the same. You are therefore advised to review the privacy policies of the respective service provider or supplier whose services you choose to avail.
IRCTC does not sell or rent individual customer names or other Personal Information of Users to third parties except sharing of such information with our business / alliance partners or vendors who are engaged by us for providing various referral services and for sharing promotional and other benefits to our customers from time to time on the basis their booking history with us.
Companies in the same Group:
To improve personalization experience and service efficiency, we may, under controlled and secure circumstances, share your Personal Information with our affiliate or associate entities. This will enable us to provide you with information about various products and services, both leisure- and travel-related, which might interest you; or help us address your questions and requests in relation to your bookings. In addition, as part of business expansion/development/restructuring or for any other reason whatsoever, if we decide to sell/transfer/assign our business, any part thereof, any of our subsidiaries or any business units, then as part ofsuch restructuring exercise customer information including the Personal Information collected herein shall be transferred accordingly.
Disclosure of Information:
In addition to the circumstances described above, IRCTC may disclose User's Personal Information if required to do so by law, required by any enforcement authority for investigation, by court order or in reference to any legal process, to conduct our business, for regulatory, internal compliance and audit exercise(s) , to secure our systems or to enforce or protect our rights or properties of IRCTC or any or all of its affiliates, associates, employees, directors or officers or when we have reason to believe that disclosing Personal Information of User(s) is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities.
Such disclosure and storage may take place without your knowledge. In that case, we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any damages howsoever arising from such disclosure and storage.
FEEDBACK OPTION:
IRCTC provides an option to its users to post their experiences by way of reviews, ratings and general poll questions. The customers also have an option of complaining w.r.t to a service offered by IRCTC. Though the participation in the feedback processis purely optional, you may stillreceive emails, notifications(app, SMS, or any other messaging service) for you to share your review(s), answer questions posted by IRCTC. The reviews may be in written format. The reviews written or posted may also be visible on social media platform or Travel media platform.
PROMOTIONAL E-MAILS – OPTION TO UNSUBSCRIBE:
Promotional mailers are sent by IRCTC occasionally about Special packages, New Initiatives, Special Offers etc. Our New products and other Informative services will be very useful. If you wish not to receive them, please click on the unsubscribe or Opt out link or follow the instructions in each e-mail message.
HOW IS THE PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTED?
All payments on the website / mobile applications are secured. Website / Mobile Applications has stringent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Whenever you change or access your account information, we offerthe use of a secure server. Once your information is in our possession we adhere to strict security guidelines, protecting it against unauthorized access.
AGE LIMIT TO TRANSACT WITH IRCTC:
You must be at least 18 years of age to transact directly with IRCTC and also to give your consent to the processing of your personal data.
CHANGES IN TERMS AND CONDITIONS / DISCLAIMER / PRIVACY POLICY:
IRCTC may change the terms and conditions and disclaimer set out above from time to time. IRCTC also reserves its rights to change or amend its privacy policy as per the management policy norms or Government of India guidelines from time to time.
By browsing this portal, the user acceptsthat he/she is bound by the current terms and conditions, privacy policy and disclaimer and so the user checks these each time he/she revisits the portal. The information contained in this website / mobile application has been prepared solely for the purpose of providing information about IRCTC in public interest.
By accessing this website / mobile application, the user agrees that IRCTC will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss, of any nature whatsoever, arising from the use or inability to use website / mobile application and from the material contained in this website / mobile application or in any link thereof. The use of the website / mobile application or any incidental issue that may arise shall be strictly governed by the laws in force in India and by using this website / mobile application the user submits himself/herself to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Delhi/New Delhi.
NOTE: Document is subject to change. Detailed terms and conditions available.
Contact Us
Link for IRCTC Rail Connect Mobile App.
© 2025 IRCTC. All rights reserved.
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation Ltd. (IRCTC)
Registered / Corporate Office - 4th Floor, Tower-D, World Trade Center, Nauroji Nagar, New Delhi-110029