Privacy Policy
On this page
Privacy Policy
Last updated on July 25, 2025.
Applicability and Scope
Eternal Limited (Formerly known as Zomato Limited) and/or its affiliates (“Eternal”, "Zomato," the "Company," "we," "us," and "our,") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. This policy describes:
the types of information that Eternal may collect from you when you access or use its websites, applications and other online services (collectively, referred as “Services”); and
its practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies only to the information Eternal collects through its Services, in email, text and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with its Services.
This policy does not apply to information that you provide to, or that is collected by, any third-party, such as restaurants at which you make reservations and/or pay through Eternal Services and social networks that you use in connection with its Services. Eternal encourages you to consult directly with such third-parties for information about their privacy practices.
Please read this policy carefully to understand Eternal’s policies and practices regarding processing of your information. By accessing or using Eternal’s Services and/or registering for an account with Eternal or any of its affiliates, you agree to this privacy policy and you provide your informed consent to the collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information as described here. If you do not provide the information Eternal requires, Eternal and its platforms may decline to provide Services to you.
This policy may change from time to time, your continued use of Eternal’s Services after it makes any change is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for any updates.
Permissible Age: By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are either at least 18 years of age or have the express permission of a parent or legal guardian to use the Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a minor who uses the Services, you are fully responsible for their use of the Services, including any legal liability they may incur.
Scope: This Privacy Policy outlines Eternal and its affiliates' practices regarding the processing of personal information concerning individuals engaging with our Platform and Services. This applies comprehensively to customers, merchant partners, delivery / service partners, users of our digital platforms (websites and applications), participants in events facilitated by Eternal, and personnel including employees,contractors, interns and third parties.
The information we collect and how we use it
Eternal and its platforms and affiliate companies collect information from and about users of our Services, which includes:
Your Personal Information:Information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. This may include data you provide directly, data generated through your use of the Services, or data obtained from third parties, which, either alone or in combination with other information we possess or are likely to access, can identify you. Examples are further detailed throughout this policy.
Other Information: Data related to your use of the Services that may not directly identify you by itself but is collected in connection with your account or activities. This includes, but is not limited to, information about your internet connection, the specific device(s) and equipment you use to access our Services, and details about your usage patterns and interactions with the Services.
As detailed elsewhere in this policy, we collect this information through various means: directly from you, automatically during your interaction with our Services (utilizing technologies like cookies and tracking tools), and indirectly from third-party sources.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Services may include:
Personal information: Name, address, email address, postal code, password and other information you may provide with your account, such as your gender, mobile phone number, date of birth, anniversary date, user bio, nationality and website. This also includes your profile picture that will be publicly displayed as part of your account profile. You may optionally provide us with this information through third-party sign-in services such as Facebook and Google. In such cases, we fetch and store whatever information is made available to us through these sign-in services.
Your content: Information you provide through our Services, including your reviews, photographs, comments, lists, followers, the users you follow, current and prior restaurant reservation details, food ordering details and history, favourite restaurants, special restaurant requests, contact information of people and other information you provide on our Services, and other information in your account profile.By providing information of a third-party individual (such as for placing orders on behalf of someone else) you confirm that you have such individual’s consent to share their personal information with Eternal.
Your bookings and preferences: Further, any information provided by you directly while utilising the Services will also be collected by us. This includes details related to events you book, attend, or express interest in via our Services (such as District), including ticket types, seat preferences, attendance confirmations, event feedback, specific event-related preferences (e.g., accessibility needs volunteered by you), and any information shared when interacting with event organizers or venues through our platform. We may also record dietary preferences or restrictions, cuisine preferences, preferred price points, occasion types (e.g., birthday, anniversary) and any data you input or actions you take while interacting with specific features, such as providing travel details (such as train PNR), event booking data, loyalty program participation, or preferences selected within any Service.
Your activities: The search terms you have looked up and results you selected, how long you used our Services and which features you used; the ads you clicked on.
Your communications: Communications between you and other users, delivery partners or merchants through our Services, some of which may be recorded for internal purposes; your participation in a survey, poll, sweepstakes, contest or promotion scheme; your request for certain features (e.g., newsletters, updates or other products); your communication with us about employment opportunities posted to the Services; your correspondence with our customer service and other grievance redressal mechanisms. If you exchange messages with others through the Services, we may store them in order to process and deliver them, allow you to manage them, and investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service and wrongdoing in connection with the Services. If you send information from the Services to your mobile device via SMS text message, we may log your phone number, phone carrier, and the date and time that the message was processed. Carriers may charge recipients for texts that they receive.
Your transactional information: If you make reservations or purchases through our Services, we may collect and store information about you to process your requests and automatically complete forms for future transactions, including (but not limited to) your phone number, address, email, billing information and credit or payment card information. This information may be shared with third-parties which assist in processing and fulfilling your requests, including PCI compliant payment gateway processors. If you write reviews about businesses with which you conduct transactions through our Services, we may publicly display information that you transacted with those businesses.
Public contributions: You may also provide information (such as ratings, reviews, tips, photos, comments, likes, bookmarks, friends, lists, etc.) to be published or displayed on publicly accessible areas of our Services, or transmitted to other users of our Services or third-parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on publicly accessible areas of our Services and transmitted to others at your own risk.. We may display this information on the Services, share it with businesses, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services. You should be careful about revealing any sensitive details about yourself in such postings.
Image / video data: We may collect and process images and video recordings of individuals attending events or visiting our office premises for security and safety purposes. This includes the use of closed-circuit television (CCTV) systems at our facilities. CCTV footage may capture individuals' images, vehicle information, and other identifying details. We may also collect photographs or videos during events for promotional or documentation purposes.
Contact information: If you choose to utilise any of our services which require uploading of your contact book, then we will collect and process such information as well, which could include the name and phone number of contacts stored on your device(s). By uploading or providing access to your contact list or any third-party personal information, you represent and warrant that you have obtained the explicit, informed consent of each individual to share their information with Eternal for the purposes described in this policy or at the time of collection, and you agree to indemnify Eternal against any claims arising from your failure to obtain such consent By providing access to or uploading your Contacts, you represent that you have obtained the necessary consent from your Contacts to share their information with us for these purposes, and you expressly consent to our collection, storage, and use of this information as described.
Information volunteered by you: As part of various service offerings provided by us from time to time, you may be given the opportunity to provide us with information that allows us to facilitate these services and in doing so, you consent to providing us with such information. This includes, without limitation, any information you provide in response to surveys, feedback requests, promotional offers, contests, user research studies, beta testing programs, or when utilizing any new or optional features we may introduce. By volunteering any such information, you explicitly consent to its collection and use for the purposes stated at the time of collection and as generally described in this Privacy Policy.
Data of Minors
Our Services are generally not directed to or intended for use by individuals under the age of 18 ("Minors"), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from Minors for the purposes of creating an account or for general use of our platform. However, we recognize that certain services offered through our platform may be open to use by Minors. While our platform is not designed for Minors, we recognize that an adult user may need to provide limited information about a Minor to access certain services (for example, purchasing a ticket for a family-friendly event on District). By providing personal information of a Minor, you, the adult user, represent and warrant that:
You are the parent or legal guardian of the Minor; and
You give your explicit consent for Eternal to collect and process the Minor's information for the specific and limited purpose disclosed at the time of collection.
The information collected will be used solely to facilitate the requested service and will not be used to create a user profile for the Minor or for any marketing, profiling, or other secondary purposes. You are responsible for any information you provide about a Minor. If we become aware that personal information of a Minor has been provided without the requisite and valid parental or guardian consent, we reserve the right to delete such information immediately.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
We may automatically collect certain information about the computer or devices (including mobile devices) you use to access the Services, and about your use of the Services, even if you use the Services without registering or logging in.
Service Usage & Activity Data: Details about your interactions with our Services, such as search queries, pages viewed, features used, content interactions (clicks, scrolls, time spent), transaction history summaries, error logs, timestamps, referral URLs (the last web page visited before ours), and other usage patterns and communication data generated while using the Services. For mobile application users, this may include the online or offline status of the application.
Device & Connection Information: Data about the computer, mobile device, or other equipment used to access our Services. This includes IP address, device type, operating system, browser type and version, unique device identifiers (such as Apple IDFA, Android Advertising ID, or other manufacturer-assigned IDs), mobile network information, device settings (like language, time zone), connection type and speed, and potentially the device's telephone number associated with the SIM card or device.
Computer and device information: Information about your computer, internet connection and mobile device, including your IP address, operating systems, platforms, browser type, other browsing information (connection, speed, connection type etc.), device type, device's unique device identifier, mobile network information and the device's telephone number. We may also collect your unique mobile device identifier (e.g. IDFA or other device IDs on Apple devices like the iPhone and iPad). If you're using our Services on a mobile device, we may use mobile device IDs (the unique identifier assigned to a device by the manufacturer), instead of cookies, to recognize you. We may do this to store your preferences and track your use of our applications. Unlike cookies, mobile device IDs cannot be deleted. Stored information and files: Our applications may also access metadata and other information associated with files stored on your mobile device. This may include, for example, photographs, audio and video clips, personal contacts and address book information.
Mobile status: If you use any of Eternal’s applications such as Zomato, Blinkit, District or Hyperpure, we may collect information about the presence and/ or absence and/ or details pertaining to other applications on your mobile phone. This helps us enable specific features for your benefit, such as payment / UPI links.
Precise and real-time location information: When you use one of our location-enabled services (for example, when you access Services from a mobile device), we may collect and process information about your mobile device's GPS location (including the latitude, longitude or altitude of your mobile device) and the time the location information is recorded to customize the Services with location-based information and features (for example, to inform you about restaurants in your area or applicable promotions). Some of these services require your personal data for the feature to work and we may associate location data with your device ID and other information we hold about you.
Cookies and Other Electronic Tools: We, and third parties with whom we partner, may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, mobile device IDs, "flash cookies" and other similar files or technologies to collect and store information in respect to your use of the Services and third party websites. This is to store your preferences and settings, enhance your experience by delivering content and advertising specific to your interests, perform research and analytics, track your use of our Services, and assist with security and administrative functions. Eternal uses pixel tags to measure the popularity of our various pages, features and services. We also may include web beacons in e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened and for other analytics.
Cookie policy: By using our Services with your browser set to accept cookies you are consenting to our use of cookies in the manner described in this section. For more information, please read our Cookie Policy.Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised through the Services, including social media services, may also use cookies or similar tools, and we advise you to check their privacy policies for information about their cookies and other practices. We do not control the practices of such third parties and their privacy policies exclusively govern their interactions with you.
Third party links and services: The Services may contain links to third-party websites. Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites or services which may be linked to our services. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties. We strongly encourage you to read such third parties' privacy policies prior to sharing any personal information with such third parties.
Other information: The URL of the last web page you visited before visiting our websites, the online or offline status of your mobile application.
Information from Third Parties
We may also obtain information about you from third-party sources, including:
Third-Party Account Authentication: If you choose to log in, link, or otherwise connect your account with a third-party service (such as Google, Facebook, or other platforms we may support), you authorize us to collect, store, and use information that you permit that third-party service to share with us through their application programming interface (API) and based on the permissions you grant during the authentication or connection process.
This information may include, without limitation, your third-party user ID, name, email address, profile picture, contacts or friend lists (subject to your permissions), publicly available information on your profile, and any other details made available via the third-party service's permission interface.
We recommend reviewing your third-party provider's privacy policy and your privacy settings on that platform to understand what information they share and how to manage it.
Other Third Parties: We may also obtain information about you from other sources such as business partners (including restaurant, payment, and event partners), marketing and advertising partners, data enrichment services, data brokers, analytics providers, researchers, publicly available sources, affiliates within the Eternal group, and potentially other users (e.g., if they refer you, add you to a reservation/order or upload your contact).
Combining Information:
We expressly reserve the right to combine information obtained from any third-party sources with the information we collect directly from you or automatically through your use of our Services. This combined information is used to update, expand, and analyze our records, identify potential new customers, provide tailored advertising and experiences, improve our Services, and for other purposes described in this policy.
How we use the information we collect
We primarily collect your data to provide you the Services that you opt for. Our Services are backed by a wide array of supporting services that directly or indirectly improve the Services offered to you. We use the information we collect from and about you for a variety of purposes, including to:
Core Service Delivery & Operations: Administer our Services by sharing information with relevant third parties (delivery partners, restaurant partners, service providers, vendors) to facilitate provisions of the Services. Process and complete your transactions. We also use your information to process and respond to your queries and complaints, provide you with customer support, allow you to participate in interactive features, send you questions from other users that you may be able to answer, provide you with policies about your account and notify you about changes to our platform and Services.
Platform Maintenance, Security & Compliance: Diagnose technical problems, platform issues, and maintain stability and functionality, detect and prevent fraud, abuse of promotional activities, and violation of our terms of service, carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts (including billing and collection) and comply with legal requirements and obligations.
Service Improvement, Personalization & Research: Understand our users (behavior, preferences, feature usage) to improve the content and features of our Service, personalize your experience by offering customized content, deals, and other services based on your preferences and interests, generate reports, conduct data analysis, and research user base and usage patterns, and conduct employee training and quality assurance.
Marketing, Advertising & Promotions: Send you communications (via email, SMS, phone, WhatsApp, etc.) that we determine may be of interest to you regarding our services or promotions, share your preferences or availed services (if applicable) for marketing/promotional activities, enable us to show you advertisements relevant to your likely interests and administer promotions, contests, and sweepstakes.We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
Analytics and advertising: To help us better understand your use of the Services, we may use third-party web analytics on our Services, such as Google Analytics. These service providers use the sort of technology described in the "Automatically-Collected Information" section above. The information collected by this technology will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers, who use the information to evaluate our users' use of the Services. When accessing the Services from a mobile application you may also receive tailored in-application advertisements. We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to third partyour advertisers'/service providers' target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Third Parties: Third-party advertisers and partners accessible via our Services use their own tracking technologies (like cookies and device IDs) to collect data about your Service usage. They use this to personalize ads shown to you (on our Services or elsewhere) based on your activity and to measure ad performance. We also allow ad networks (e.g., Google Analytics, DoubleClick) to serve tailored ads directly on our Services using their own tracking technologies. Importantly, Eternal does not control these third-party technologies or their data practices; their own privacy policies apply. Opting out of tailored advertising will not stop ads altogether, only personalization. We are not responsible for the function or accuracy of third-party opt-out mechanisms.
Social Features: To enhance your experience and enable social features on our Services, such as finding friends or sharing recommendations, you may choose to provide us with information from your device's address book. We may use this information to help identify your contacts who are also users of our Services, to facilitate connections and recommendations between you and your contacts on the platform, and potentially to inform you about relevant activity of your contacts on the Services.
Recording and Retention of Interactions: To ensure service quality, maintain platform integrity, resolve disputes, conduct internal training, detect and prevent fraud, and for other essential administrative and operational purposes, we reserve the right to monitor and record communications and interactions that occur through or in connection with our Services. This includes, but is not limited to, telephone calls with our customer support or operational teams, messages exchanged via chat features within our platform between users, merchants, delivery partners, or Eternal personnel, and potentially other forms of interaction facilitated through our Services. These recordings and associated data may be retained for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined above, comply with legal obligations, enforce our agreements, or as otherwise required for our legitimate business needs. Your continued use of communication features within our Services constitutes your acknowledgement of this monitoring and recording.
Integration Across Eternal: To provide a seamless experience across our ecosystem and enhance operational efficiency, we may share your information with our affiliates, including entities like Blinkit and Hyperpure, as well as other current or future Eternal group companies. This sharing facilitates functions such as unified login and identity management across platforms, cross-application feature integration, coordinated customer support, shared analytics for service improvement, and potentially offering bundled services or cross-promotional activities relevant to your interests across the Eternal group of companies.
Advanced processing: We may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected from you through the Services or via other means, including via the use of third-party web analytic tools as described below. As a result, our use and disclosure of aggregated and/or de-identified information is not restricted by this Privacy Policy, and it may be used and disclosed to others without limitation. We may utilize artificial intelligence (AI) tools and technologies to process Personal Data in order to enhance our services, improve user experience, and ensure the security and integrity of our operations. These AI tools may analyze Personal Data to identify patterns, detect anomalies, and provide personalized recommendations.
Careers: When you apply for a position with Eternal or its affiliates through our Service or other channels, we collect and process the personal information you provide (such as your resume, contact details, qualifications, work history) and information generated during the recruitment process (e.g., interview notes, assessment results). We use this information to manage the recruitment process, including evaluating your suitability for the specific role you applied for and potentially other current or future opportunities within Eternal and its affiliates, conducting background verifications (where applicable and permitted by law), communicating with you about your application, and complying with legal and regulatory requirements. We may share your information with relevant affiliates and trusted third-party service providers who assist us with recruitment functions, such as Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS), assessment providers, and background check agencies. We retain applicant information for as long as necessary to fulfill the recruitment process, comply with our legal and record-keeping obligations, resolve potential disputes, and consider you for future relevant openings, unless otherwise required or requested pursuant to applicable law. Individuals applying for gig worker opportunities with the relevant Eternal entity should read and agree to the relevant terms and conditions governing their engagement with Eternal.
How we share the information we collect
We use personal information to provide you with the services that you have opted to receive through the use of our platform and services. For facilitation of this, We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide, as described in this privacy policy, in the following ways:
General Information Disclosures
To our subsidiaries and affiliates, which are entities under common ownership or control of our ultimate parent company, Eternal Limited. This may include Blinkit, District, Hyperpure and their various applications, websites and other platforms.
To contractors, suppliers, advertisers/service providers who are typically bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To an actual or potential buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Eternal assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Eternal about the users of our Services are among the assets transferred.
To third-parties, including suppliers, to market their products or services to you if you have consented to receive the promotional updates. We contractually require these third-parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
Service Providers: We may share your information with third party service providers that we use for a variety of purposes, such as to send you communications via emails, messages or tele-call to inform you about our products and Services that may be of interest to you, push notifications to your mobile device on our behalf, provide voice recognition services to process your spoken queries and questions, help us analyze use of our Services, and process and collect payments. Some of our products, Services and databases are hosted by third party hosting services providers. We may also use third party service providers for other projects, such as conducting surveys, organizing sweepstakes or providing services and business / commercial solutions for us whether permanently or on an ad hoc basis. We may share information about you with these service providers to enable them to perform their services.
Legal Purposes. We may share your information when we believe in good faith that such sharing is reasonably necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities or to comply with legal processes. This may involve the sharing of your information with law enforcement, government agencies, courts, and/or other organizations on account of legal requests such as notices, summons, court order or government demand to comply with applicable laws.
Audit and other assurance purposes: We may also share your information to investigate and address threats or potential threats to the safety of any person, to investigate and address violations of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service, or to investigate and address violations of the rights of third parties and/or to protect the rights, property and safety of Eternal, our employees, other users, or the public. We may also share information with internal and external audit teams and various stakeholders across our ecosystem, including affiliated entities, payment gateways, banks and other financial entities for fraud detection, prevention, mitigation, auditing and assurance purposes.
Social Networks: If you interact with social media features on our Services, such as the Facebook Like button, or use your social media credentials to log-in or post any content, these features may collect information about your use of the Services, as well as post information about your activities on the social media service. Your interactions with social media companies are governed by their privacy policies.
To enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
Correspondence: When you sign up for an account, you are opting in to receive correspondence from other Eternal users, businesses, and Eternal itself. You can log in to manage your email and notification preferences and follow the "unsubscribe" instructions for commercial email messages, but note that you cannot opt out of receiving certain administrative policy, service policy, or legal policy related correspondences from Eternal.
Platform safety: If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Eternal, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With your consent; We may additionally share your information with third parties in any other circumstances where we have your consent to do so.
Information Shared with Merchants:
When you initiate transactions such as making reservations, placing orders, or processing payments with restaurants or other merchant partners ("Partners") through our Services, we share necessary information with the specific Partners to enable them to fulfill your request and provide their services effectively. This sharing mirrors the information exchange that might occur if you interacted directly with the Partner.
Any information shared with a Partner through our Services is subject to that Partner's own privacy practices and policies. They may use this information for their own purposes, including service fulfillment, customer management, analytics, and potentially marketing (subject to their independent compliance with applicable laws). Eternal has no control over, and assumes no responsibility or liability for, how Partners collect, use, or share the information provided to them. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policy of any Partner you interact with directly or transact with through our Services.
Payment Card Information: To use certain aspects of our Services, such as to make reservations at certain restaurants and to make payments to certain restaurants, we may require your credit or debit card account information. By submitting your credit or debit card account information through our Services, you expressly consent to the sharing of your information with third-party payment processors, and other third-party service providers (including but not limited to service providers who provide fraud detection services to us and other third parties), and you further agree to the following terms:
When you use a credit or debit card to secure a reservation through our Services, we provide your credit or debit card account information to our third-party payment service providers.
When you initially provide your credit or debit card account information through our Services in order to use our payment services, we provide your credit or debit card account information to our third-party payment service providers. As explained in our Terms of Service, these third parties may store your credit or debit card account information so you can use such payment services in the future.
Data Storage
Eternal may process and retain your personal information on its servers in India where its data centers are located, and/or on the servers of its third parties (in or outside India), having contractual relationships with Eternal.
Your Information
Correspondence: When you sign up for an account, you are opting to receive correspondence from Eternal. You can manage your email and notification preferences and follow the "unsubscribe" instructions for commercial email messages. Note that you cannot opt out of receiving certain administrative policy, service policy, or legal policy related correspondences from Eternal.
Deletion: If you would like to permanently delete your account, please use the "Contact Us" link at the bottom of every page (also located here). We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates. Once you have requested for deletion of the data associated with your account, we will not be able to restore your account or any of its associated data to you. Copies and backups of your personal information may continue to remain in our backup storage used for recovery in case of contingencies, as well as for enforcing our legal rights and fraud / risk mitigation purposes.
Limitations: Your rights regarding your personal information may be limited, subject to the law of your jurisdiction, particularly:
If your requests are abusive or unreasonably excessive,
Where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be encroached upon, or
If the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us, or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity. Your right to review, update, correct, and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law, including any statutory retention requirements.
Information Pertaining to Service Partners
This section applies specifically to individuals who engage with Eternal and its affiliates (entities under common ownership or control, including Blinkit and Hyperpure) as independent contractors or partners to provide various services facilitated through the respective platforms ("Service Partners"). This may include, without limitation, individuals providing delivery, logistics, fulfillment, procurement support, or other operational services. If you engage with us as a Service Partner, we collect and process your personal information for purposes related to your onboarding, eligibility verification, the facilitation and management of services you provide, and the administration of our contractual relationship with you.
1. Information Collected from Service Partners: In addition to information collected generally from users of our Services, if you are a Service Partner, we may collect:
Identification and Contact Information: Your full name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth, government-issued identification numbers (such as Aadhaar, PAN, driving license number, relevant permits, where permissible by law), photographs, and emergency contact details.
Verification Information: Information required for background checks, right-to-work verification, and other vetting processes as deemed necessary by the Company or required by law, which may include professional licenses, certifications, driving record history, and criminal record history, subject to applicable laws and your specific consent where required.
Vehicle or Equipment Information: Details regarding any vehicle, equipment, or tools used in providing services, including registration, licensing, insurance, and operational status information.
Financial Information: Bank account details, tax identification numbers (e.g., PAN, GSTIN), and other information necessary for processing payments, earnings, incentives, and managing financial transactions related to the services provided.
Location Information: Real-time and historical geolocation data collected via your mobile device or other Company-provided devices when you are logged into the relevant Service Partner application, available for, en route to, or actively engaged in providing services.
Task, Performance, and Usage Data: Information related to the services you provide, including task/order details, service timings, routes taken (where applicable), acceptance and completion metrics, customer and merchant feedback/ratings, earnings history, interaction history with Company platforms and support channels, application usage patterns, device information (including device ID, model, operating system), and communication records transacted through our platforms.
2. How We Use Service Partner Information: We use the information collected from Service Partners for purposes including, but not limited to:
Verifying identity, eligibility, and suitability to act as a Service Partner for one or more platforms within our group.
Onboarding you onto the relevant platform(s) and facilitating the assignment, management, execution, and completion of service requests (e.g., orders, deliveries, tasks).
Tracking the progress, status, and location related to ongoing services, where applicable.
Calculating, processing, and disbursing payments, incentives, fees, and other financial amounts related to your services.
Communicating with you regarding service requests, operational updates, platform policies, support matters, promotional opportunities, and other relevant business communications.
Monitoring service quality, performance, and adherence to contractual terms, platform guidelines, and safety protocols.
Ensuring the safety, security, and integrity of our platforms, operations, Service Partners, customers, merchant partners, and the public, including through fraud detection, investigation, and prevention.
Analyzing operational data, usage trends, and performance metrics to optimize logistics, improve platform efficiency, enhance our service offerings, and personalize the Service Partner experience.
Complying with applicable legal, regulatory, tax, and reporting obligations.
Managing disputes, enforcing our agreements, and protecting our legal rights and interests.
Facilitating integrated operations and administration across affiliated Company platforms where applicable (e.g., potentially streamlining onboarding or compliance checks).
3. Sharing of Service Partner Information: We may share Service Partner information as described generally in the section "How we share the information we collect," and specifically:
With customers, merchants, or other end-users as necessary to facilitate the services you provide (e.g., your name, photograph, vehicle type, real-time location during service provision).
Within the Eternal group of affiliated companies for operational coordination, administrative efficiency, platform integration, compliance, and analytical purposes consistent with this policy.
With third-party service providers who perform functions on our behalf, such as background checks, payment processing, insurance administration, communication platforms, data analytics, software provision, and technical support, under confidentiality agreements.
As required by law, regulation, or legal process (e.g., responding to lawful requests from government agencies or law enforcement).
With government bodies, agencies or other authorised legal entities for social security schemes and other instances where such information is requested from us by such regulatory agencies.
Security: How we protect your information
We have implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access to your information and to maintain data security. These safeguards take into account the sensitivity of the information that we collect, process and store and the current state of technology. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. The third party service providers providing payment gateway and payment processing services are all validated as compliant with the payment card industry standard (generally referred to as PCI compliant service providers).
We assume no liability or responsibility for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access, or other causes beyond our control. You play an important role in keeping your personal information secure. You should not share your user name, password, or other security information for your Eternal accounts with anyone. If we receive instructions using your username and password, we will consider that you have authorized the instructions and will not be liable for any breach or subsequent loss arising out of such perceived authorization.
Miscellaneous
Third party links and services: The Services may contain links to third-party websites. Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites or services which may be linked to our services. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties. We strongly encourage you to read such third parties' privacy policies prior to sharing any personal information with such third parties.
Policy amendments: We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and processing practices, the features of our Services, or advances in technology. Please check this page periodically for any changes or updates. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes here and may notify you where required by law. Please review the changes carefully. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your consent and acceptance of those changes.
Nugget AI
Nugget by Eternal provides AI agent capabilities as a service to corporate clients ("Clients"). To function, Nugget requires Clients to input or connect data sources. This Client-provided data, processed by Eternal through the Nugget platform may include personal information pertaining to the Client's own end-users (e.g., customer support transcripts, user queries, transaction details relevant to the AI agent's task). Eternal processes this data strictly on behalf of the Client to enable the specific AI functionalities contracted for. Nugget leverages third-party Large Language Model (LLM) services via API integrations. Consequently, data submitted by the Client through the Nugget interface is programmatically transmitted to these external LLM providers for processing necessary to generate responses or perform tasks as directed by the Client's configuration. Eternal selects and manages these LLM integrations, but the ultimate processing by the LLM provider is subject to their specific technical protocols and data handling practices. Data governance, security measures, specific processing activities, and data retention relating to the Nugget service are governed by the Nugget Terms & Conditions and the Master Service Agreement (MSA) executed with each Client. For comprehensive details on data handling within Nugget, please refer to these specific contractual documents.
Contact Us
If you have any queries relating to the processing/ usage of information provided by you or regarding Eternal’s Privacy Policy, you may email the Data Protection Officer (DPO) at privacy@zomato.com .
Previous
Guidelines and Policies
Next
Terms of Service
COMPANY
Who we are
Blog
Careers
Report Fraud
Contact
Investor Relations
FOR FOODIES
Code of Conduct
Community
Blogger Help
Mobile Apps
FOR RESTAURANTS
Add Restaurant
FOR YOU
Privacy
Terms
Security
Sitemap
SOCIAL LINKS
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
By continuing past this page, you agree to our Terms of Service, Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy and Content Policies. All trademarks are properties of their respective owners. 2008-2021 © Zomato™ Ltd. All rights reserved.